Team Overview Adonay Bereket - adonayb7 Anjali Arigiela - aarigiela9 Ariel Lutati - alutati

Innovative Idea Our idea is to create a UMass student job aggregator that allows students to sign up, make a profile, and quickly apply to jobs on and around campus. Employers would get uniform applications directly to their inbox. Our website will build upon the UMass official student job board (https://em.umass.edu/seo/search/JobSearch.aspx) but will improve upon it by creating a better UI, implementing accounts and profiles, allowing for applications to be sent on the site instead of emails, and better sorting and filtering capabilities. We will focus our attention on the student’s experience, but will also make it easier for employers to find qualified candidates.

Important Components There will be a login component for a user on the application. A user can create their own login credentials and that username and password will be stored in the database. When creating their own account, the user will also enter certain profile information that will be stored and used later. When the user logs in, they will be able to see all of the job listings that have been manually entered into the database. The user can filter through the list and find what they are looking for very easily. When they have found a job they would like to apply to, an automatic form is generated with their profile information and this form is sent to the employer email that is listed in the job listing. This way, students can apply to the jobs of their liking without any hassle. There will be a content management component that can only be accessed by an administrator who will help any student who is having trouble with their login credentials, help a student edit their profile, and they will add job listings to the database that will then show up on the user’s side. The database component of this application will be storing specific information related to a user as well as job listings.